Update note on XCom pickling in GX guide (#2400)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-great-expectations.md

:::info

> The `GreatExpectationsOperator` requires custom handling of XComs. You can either enable XCom pickling by setting the environment variable AIRFLOW__CORE__ENABLE_XCOM_PICKLING=True`, or use a custom serialization method in a [custom XCom backend](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/xcom-backend-tutorial).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `GreatExpectationsOperator` pushes a [CheckpointResult object](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/terms/checkpoint/#checkpointresult) to XCom. You can change this behavior by setting the `return_json_dict` parameter to `True` to cause the operator to return a json-serializable dictionary instead.
If you do not want to use this built-in serialization, you can either enable XCom pickling by setting the environment variable AIRFLOW__CORE__ENABLE_XCOM_PICKLING=True`, or use a custom serialization method in a [custom XCom backend](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/xcom-backend-tutorial).
```
